```fortran
subroutine dhseqr (
        character job,
        character compz,
        integer n,
        integer ilo,
        integer ihi,
        double precision, dimension( ldh, * ) h,
        integer ldh,
        double precision, dimension( * ) wr,
        double precision, dimension( * ) wi,
        double precision, dimension( ldz, * ) z,
        integer ldz,
        double precision, dimension( * ) work,
        integer lwork,
        integer info
)
```

DHSEQR computes the eigenvalues of a Hessenberg matrix H
and, optionally, the matrices T and Z from the Schur decomposition
H = Z T Z\*\*T, where T is an upper quasi-triangular matrix (the
Schur form), and Z is the orthogonal matrix of Schur vectors.

Optionally Z may be postmultiplied into an input orthogonal
matrix Q so that this routine can give the Schur factorization
of a matrix A which has been reduced to the Hessenberg form H
by the orthogonal matrix Q:  A = Q\*H\*Q\*\*T = (QZ)\*T\*(QZ)\*\*T.

## Parameters
JOB : CHARACTER\*1 [in]
> = 'E':  compute eigenvalues only;
> = 'S':  compute eigenvalues and the Schur form T.

COMPZ : CHARACTER\*1 [in]
> = 'N':  no Schur vectors are computed;
> = 'I':  Z is initialized to the unit matrix and the matrix Z
> of Schur vectors of H is returned;
> = 'V':  Z must contain an orthogonal matrix Q on entry, and
> the product Q\*Z is returned.

N : INTEGER [in]
> The order of the matrix H.  N >= 0.

ILO : INTEGER [in]

IHI : INTEGER [in]
> 
> It is assumed that H is already upper triangular in rows
> and columns 1:ILO-1 and IHI+1:N. ILO and IHI are normally
> set by a previous call to DGEBAL, and then passed to ZGEHRD
> when the matrix output by DGEBAL is reduced to Hessenberg
> form. Otherwise ILO and IHI should be set to 1 and N
> respectively.  If N > 0, then 1 <= ILO <= IHI <= N.
> If N = 0, then ILO = 1 and IHI = 0.

H : DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDH,N) [in,out]
> On entry, the upper Hessenberg matrix H.
> On exit, if INFO = 0 and JOB = 'S', then H contains the
> upper quasi-triangular matrix T from the Schur decomposition
> (the Schur form); 2-by-2 diagonal blocks (corresponding to
> complex conjugate pairs of eigenvalues) are returned in
> standard form, with H(i,i) = H(i+1,i+1) and
> H(i+1,i)\*H(i,i+1) < 0. If INFO = 0 and JOB = 'E', the
> contents of H are unspecified on exit.  (The output value of
> H when INFO > 0 is given under the description of INFO
> below.)
> 
> Unlike earlier versions of DHSEQR, this subroutine may
> explicitly H(i,j) = 0 for i > j and j = 1, 2, ... ILO-1
> or j = IHI+1, IHI+2, ... N.

LDH : INTEGER [in]
> The leading dimension of the array H. LDH >= max(1,N).

WR : DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N) [out]

WI : DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N) [out]
> 
> The real and imaginary parts, respectively, of the computed
> eigenvalues. If two eigenvalues are computed as a complex
> conjugate pair, they are stored in consecutive elements of
> WR and WI, say the i-th and (i+1)th, with WI(i) > 0 and
> WI(i+1) < 0. If JOB = 'S', the eigenvalues are stored in
> the same order as on the diagonal of the Schur form returned
> in H, with WR(i) = H(i,i) and, if H(i:i+1,i:i+1) is a 2-by-2
> diagonal block, WI(i) = sqrt(-H(i+1,i)\*H(i,i+1)) and
> WI(i+1) = -WI(i).

Z : DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDZ,N) [in,out]
> If COMPZ = 'N', Z is not referenced.
> If COMPZ = 'I', on entry Z need not be set and on exit,
> if INFO = 0, Z contains the orthogonal matrix Z of the Schur
> vectors of H.  If COMPZ = 'V', on entry Z must contain an
> N-by-N matrix Q, which is assumed to be equal to the unit
> matrix except for the submatrix Z(ILO:IHI,ILO:IHI). On exit,
> if INFO = 0, Z contains Q\*Z.
> Normally Q is the orthogonal matrix generated by DORGHR
> after the call to DGEHRD which formed the Hessenberg matrix
> H. (The output value of Z when INFO > 0 is given under
> the description of INFO below.)

LDZ : INTEGER [in]
> The leading dimension of the array Z.  if COMPZ = 'I' or
> COMPZ = 'V', then LDZ >= MAX(1,N).  Otherwise, LDZ >= 1.

WORK : DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LWORK) [out]
> On exit, if INFO = 0, WORK(1) returns an estimate of
> the optimal value for LWORK.

LWORK : INTEGER [in]
> The dimension of the array WORK.  LWORK >= max(1,N)
> is sufficient and delivers very good and sometimes
> optimal performance.  However, LWORK as large as 11\*N
> may be required for optimal performance.  A workspace
> query is recommended to determine the optimal workspace
> size.
> 
> If LWORK = -1, then DHSEQR does a workspace query.
> In this case, DHSEQR checks the input parameters and
> estimates the optimal workspace size for the given
> values of N, ILO and IHI.  The estimate is returned
> in WORK(1).  No error message related to LWORK is
> issued by XERBLA.  Neither H nor Z are accessed.

INFO : INTEGER [out]
> = 0:  successful exit
> < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal
> value
> > 0:  if INFO = i, DHSEQR failed to compute all of
> the eigenvalues.  Elements 1:ilo-1 and i+1:n of WR
> and WI contain those eigenvalues which have been
> successfully computed.  (Failures are rare.)
> 
> If INFO > 0 and JOB = 'E', then on exit, the
> remaining unconverged eigenvalues are the eigen-
> values of the upper Hessenberg matrix rows and
> columns ILO through INFO of the final, output
> value of H.
> 
> If INFO > 0 and JOB   = 'S', then on exit
> 
> (\*)  (initial value of H)\*U  = U\*(final value of H)
> 
> where U is an orthogonal matrix.  The final
> value of H is upper Hessenberg and quasi-triangular
> in rows and columns INFO+1 through IHI.
> 
> If INFO > 0 and COMPZ = 'V', then on exit
> 
> (final value of Z)  =  (initial value of Z)\*U
> 
> where U is the orthogonal matrix in (\*) (regard-
> less of the value of JOB.)
> 
> If INFO > 0 and COMPZ = 'I', then on exit
> (final value of Z)  = U
> where U is the orthogonal matrix in (\*) (regard-
> less of the value of JOB.)
> 
> If INFO > 0 and COMPZ = 'N', then Z is not
> accessed.
